new docs for prices V1 (#51)
spicehq/docs: api/prices/v1.md

{% endswagger %}

## Latest Prices
The **`/v1/prices/{pair}`** API returns the spot (latest) prices of specified token/currency pairs from several exchanges (e.g. Binance, Coinbase, and Gemini), and aggregrates price measures (e.g. average, minimum).

{% swagger method="get" path="/v1/prices/{pair}" baseUrl="https://data.spiceai.io" summary="Get latest prices for symbol(s)" expanded="false" %}

{% swagger-description %}
For pair(s), returns the latest prices from several exchanges (e.g. Binance, Coinbase, and Gemini), and aggregrate price measures (e.g. average, minimum).
{% endswagger-description %}

{% swagger-parameter in="path" name="pair" type="String" required="false" %}

> A currency/token pairs symbols. Always upper-case. e.g. `BTC-ETH`, `ETH-SOL`. Multiple pairs can be provided by query parameters instead, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One currency/token pair symbols. Always upper-case. e.g. `BTC-ETH`, `ETH-SOL`. Multiple pairs can be provided by query parameters instead, see below.
```

If only `start` is provided, then `end` will default to the current UNIX timestamp. If only `end` is provided then the 10 most recent prices before `end` will be returned.
{% endswagger-description %}

{% swagger-parameter in="path" name="pair" type="String" required="false" %}

> A currency/token pairs symbols. Always upper-case. e.g. `BTC-ETH`, `ETH-SOL`. Multiple pairs can be provided by query parameters instead, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One currency/token pair symbols. Always upper-case. e.g. `BTC-ETH`, `ETH-SOL`. Multiple pairs can be provided by query parameters instead, see below.
```
